ROX-32265: Update docs for base image detection (#106054)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/base-images.adoc

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// * operating/examine-images-for-vulnerabilities.adoc
:_mod-docs-content-type: CONCEPT
[id="base-images_{context}"]
= Defining base images used in application development

[role="_abstract"]

{product-title} ({product-title-short}) provides a way for DevSecOps engineers in your organization to identify base images that are used in the container applications that your developers build. {product-title-short} can then provide information about vulnerabilities that exist in base image layers so that application developers can address these vulnerabilities and use trusted, secure images when building applications.  

When you configure a list of base images, {product-title-short} pulls information about those images from the repositories and stores it in a database. When you scan images, and {product-title-short} performs image enrichment, {product-title-short} tries to match the container images against the images in that database. {product-title-short} then provides information about the base image layer in the {product-title-short} portal.

[NOTE]
====

> You can configure {product-title-short} to pull multiple tags for an image by using a wildcard. However, to prevent undue system resource use, {product-title-short} only pulls information for the most recent 100 tags.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can configure {product-title-short} to pull multiple tags for an image by using a wildcard. However, to prevent undue system resource use, {product-title-short} only track base image information for the most recent 100 tags.
```

Because we in fact pull all the tags matching the pattern. We just keep the top recent 100 tags up-to-date, and ignore the older ones. I think the above might be more accurate in that sense.
